#### Emotions and feelings happen man!...Shit it just happened to me!

Going through dificult times, you learn to appreciate the simple things in life. like for example, even if you are foreign funny looking guy who is reaslly dope and awesome, ended up living in a poor neighborhood in Calgary: The Cowtown, and life is not exactly going as you planned, you still get to cherish the small talk moments which turn into weekend evening long dialogues.

I have recently discovered the reason for my mind through Gigabits of data in a very short time to make sure no exaggeration is happening here, is my Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder. Sure it's great when you're being creative and trying to see things from multiple different angle, but even when you're 100 oercent sure of what you want to do, or need to do, you just keep pushing it aside. It's not coming from laziness, it's the lack of sense of time, which means you know you need to do this, but you don't feel like that it's something due in near future. Like if you want to take your car to the carwash 1 month from today, like yea, it's still in ok shape, i'll take it after a month or more realistically I'll do it next week.

So, even when you have decided to quit your job because of that fucking asshole, working you for cheap, it takes you almost 5 to 6 months to finally call it quits.
Because you feel like while I am suffering, the suffering is not that bad to make (logical)"Rational" decisions, like actually doing the thing that you know is right, but keep pushing it aside. But, maybe with the courage of intoxication, I say intoxication because we humans tend to do really heroic and almost unbelievable (get it: If it was "UN"-belivable, how do we belive that it was....{**Recursive**}) that they are in essennce violating the so called "common sense". That's why they are incredible, because it's not common sense. if it was common sense, There we are used to it, so it would not excite us. Like when a person jumps from a bridge, although with all the safety in the world, you still feel unease with it, and when he against all odds, succeeds, there is an adrenaline rush through your vein while in the outer world, you're just by-stander just watching another person do something and get excited. You din't do it, but you know how it would feel doing that, but you're not courageous enogh.
back to earth, this common sense is deeply rooted in almost 80 or even more, ok let'be honest, 99% ==> 1% percent of the 1% vs us:The rest, the comon sense folk.
These roots are so strong and so powerful! just like 10s of tens of python, swirling around your being, and not letting anything defying this comon sense, even be thought of, by inducing fear.
-- It's push time, status (Why? You know you changed something!!), add -all, commit -m, tries to come up with something funny, it sucks, closes the ", hits enter, push, oh shit, this again, why can't the mother-Effing Glorious Git -GG- can't, just like the terminal, at least remember this credentials BS, till sessionm is terminated. 
SideTrack : if ou are going to tell me, well, blah blah blah, git global, blah blah blah, first of all FFFFFfffff You. We of all people know how easy it is to steal info online, so why  would keep a record of your passwords 
SideTrack : if ou are going to tell me, well, blah blah blah, git global, blah blah blah, first of all FFFFFfffff You. We of all people know how easy it is to steal info online, so why would you keep a record of your passwords, ready to be stolen.
sidetrack v2: If you're going to tell me that who cares about my crappy git repos, I am truly sorry, that you yourself, don't appreciate the sweat of your brow, and awesomeness of your brain. It's sad. It's like a newbie actor or actress, ugh this gender thing, Can we FUCKING Move on??!!!, tries to calm him/her-self by convincing again him/her-self that not many people are going to show up, so if you fuck up it won't be catastraphic. In a way from multiple corners, the person attacks him/herself.
--**Side Note: Really feeling like Mr Anima & Animus - Carl Jung: Swedish most prob jewish too, due**-- 
A- Anticipating the negative outcome, Which if you've seen National Geographic, mokey, gorillas, smart animals, is a bad bad thing.
The key word is Reinforcement learning, by continuing to calm the body by projecting negative things, then the practive is to learn and master how to invoke fear, and negativity as often as possible (Hey, it protects us: From what??), we get good at it. since we try to avoid jwalking, more often than not, don't pass the yellow light, we keep learning to put more value of the unknown (Well known, since we identify it), and W1 * Y1 + W2 * Y2
W : Weight Factor : indixes one and two
Y: Outcome result : Either black or Red, Positive (Good for us) or Negative (Bad...).
In a total random experiment, Because of lack of information, both outcomes are totally 50 50 possible. But even the slightest info, even if it's wrong, and we discard it like a BOss!!. Everything is screwed up!
Before You lacked any, and I mean any info, now, you know at least one even minute thing about one particular outcome based on info: Epsilon : Epsilon because it's cool Yo! plus that is literally the mathematical notation for the next to nothing. it's not a thing,it's not nothing, but it's close to or "Next" to nothing. Hmm....This looks like a cool math theory for decison making community: THat's why governemnts spends millions of millions of misinformation, even if they are going to be ignored. Why? Cause it's not a fair game anymore.
Better Example: Two people are playing heads up poker game, then someone rans from behind your component!! Opponent!!!!! JEsus; sees the cards and withouty any emotion on his face (come on this is 100% a thing only a guy would do), says that (A card that does not affect the game at all and both players know that, based on the flop), That guy does not have Card with value 3 (Not even mentioning the suit of the card), see next to thing! Aha...this thing still works- like a german wart machine!! lulz :). next to nothing info, there are 4 possible cards with 3 on them, clubs, diamonds, spades, and hearts. plus that doesn't even change the game a bit, like the players decision making on the surface hasn't changed. so to make this a better example...let's that info doesn't change anything, they were playing aggressively buty not that heavy, pot is ok. turn is another random card, and the river is a mother ffing 3. so if the victim in this stupid story, was ever going to bluff a 3, well now he can't. This is the case where booth had good hands like A10 suited and Aj suited. they both missed the cards. but now bluffing the guy is easier, or is it????????????
How do we trust the source of the message? what if this is their gig, that's what they do, so it is possible that because of this he would play stupid hands like this and you no way would belive that this person would put 120$ for a pair of 3, a low probable winning hand, but just like that you would call his "Bluff", then you would tilt the FFF, because your ace 10 suited lost to a measly pair of 3 and now you're on the hunt to quote unquote "Get Him".
sidetrack 3: Although the above story is really a stretched version of reality, and nothing like that never happened, but flow of data, could be a lot more subtle than a imaginary theatrical show in poker rooms, like a look, a snicker, a way of saying things such as the proverbial air quotes like the sarcastic tone of agreeing with something, why we do that is not important for this post, but I just wanted to illustrate the subtle ways or not so subtle ways we convey what we mean.
so it's possible that the epsilon info/missinfo could be generated from withing the system too, from one of the participants), for games like poker, forget that , gor games like life, it's possible -no no, proven that not everything is said, is true, and sometimes it's not because there was some bad intention behind, but simply because we did not have enough understanding of the new thing, like asbestos was used for heating systems, then we learned that that's toxic. So the missinformation that asbestos is safe ( well it is not toxic and they sell it at the stores) is totally random, although at first then some try to play it cool, until it is totally banned. and sometimes it could be that the intention was bad. at any rate, your opponent sudden itch, or the unfortunate coincidence of him having good hands by his habitual nose scratching, could cost you a lot of money and temper.
it's very unlikely, but it could happend none the less: 999 white marbles and one red marble, the outcome is still 50 50, it's either red or white. there is no other competing outcome. but this does not make sense to us, because we are accustomed to the numbers game, 1,000,000 dollar dreams, tallest building; and when we imagine picking a marble from a sack, who does that?? BTW, we always imagine it as looking down the sack, or better ,the way these marbles are formed in the sack. that's why we accept the outcome is 50 50, but don't belive in it, we have more info than the proposed idea. the outcome perspective is that the marbles have same distance from the point of the chooser. it is hard to imagine this, that's why we put them in the sack, otherwise we need to imagine a point with the distance from the circular part of a sphere. all the dfistances are r from the center to the surface of the sphere, and it's a point, not a line, or it's like epsilon. it's it something, but it's not)
but the idea of marbles really doesn't fit this story. they are in a bag, or even if we want to put them on the ground, then the very essence of the promise is broken, your choosing hand is closer to the marbles just beneath it, than those farther away, so in reality we accept the abstract idea of same probability, but not in IRL.

back to earth2: Tha's why we either trust someone or not! We can not say I have 50 50 feeling towards john, either john is trustable or not, you might say who gives a flying fuck, about john, he is just a co worker, I dont care, but when you are in a room with john, your easyness level would tip over one way or another. 


back to earth 5:
that's why One of the W-s is always greater than the other 
and W1 (X) + W2(~X) : is always inclined towards something.

So, when people - ordinary average every day moddafuckka - want to start a new thing, the one that is different than the whatever was before, they want to become successful, so they don't want to repeat the mistakes of others, so even from the begining focus is on the negative outcome side, and that's why since probability favors failure in almost all these efforts, this approach is a fail safe --pun defintely intended-- road to failure.

Ok, let's just say, Although I don't think any company has done this before my example, let's just you heard some company decided to do the bare minimum in terms of making something attractive to sell, while everyone is looking for the next latest and greatest artist for a new colorful design, they decide to make something in white and put a red brush over it and some writings in white only to identify the company.
This company not to sells more, they even take this theory to the crazy level and sell a single brick. a single brick. and it's sold out right away. 
so the idea is crazy, who would buy bricks? Well people did, and let's just say that although their act seems foolish, they are not the fools, at least some of them who can afford an expensive brick, did not inherit money so just to throw it away, they are doctors, engineers, it nerds, etc.

So if you even, literally copy pasting something, with just a sprinkle  of your originiality to it, grow some balls and name your price, it is crazy , yes but you just heard a crazy story and agreed that it happened but fastly refered to it as just pure luck, and we all know so many lucky people, that defies luck's description, luck is something that happens rarely to not so many people, but at least we know a handful.

so What I asm thinking is, I'll get some cheap art work and replace them with one of the good tutorials or some ready made games, and publish it, put it for a really high price and Warn users 3 times that the amount of game play compared to what's fair in the system is not justifiable they agree, first with lots, then less bigger fonts? We will say that if we have time and acquire enough moolah, ** SCreams young moolah bay!!! ==>

** See that mother fucking young moolah baby has luck too? He doesn't do 9 to 5, saying young moolah baby is fucked up if not crazy. but here we are , I can name at least 5 people who gets young moolah baby and i don;t know that many people.

continue:==> then, we will add even more non sensical components to it.

Dude, people watched a series showing the bullshittery inside an schizoiphrenic anti social hacker dude, and not only watched it , they like it to the point that the weird looking middle eastern dude, won some prize.
but then again, it needs to make sense in some sense even if it doesn't like a brick that says SUPREME

Real back to earth: I will be doing some really cool things, I just need to get some sense of time in terms of calendars and watches to not be in the time limbo: That's it ADHD is LATE TIME LIMBO!! But the ergency of time is always out there in the outer world and if you don't come back as often as possible from the time limbo, every time you need to get to focus on one thing, all the other neglected ones, ask for your attention too, and just like a class filled with kids, they don't wait for others to speak and they all speak at the same time and then you have to yell and more often than not close the door by not giving attention to any. Everybody is punished. All Tasks are delayed, since they seems all importasnt at the same time.

I think an alphabetical priority mark right at the time of inception is good idea! tonight, make sure clock alarm is ready with 3 different times, as early as posiible, forget about coffe, take everything to the car, make sure nothing is left, put keys in the sink, then turn on the car to not get anxious overe it getting stolen, wait for car to warm, say last good bye, GP: Premium gas full, to REgina.
Part one of X- Canada from Calgary to Montreal by Billgi sayar.

I am so excited after I dealt with my sadness of leaving bowness by crying like a baby holding an old fort mc murray foreman conservative retired guy ,an old friend, A close Friend,Now I am cloud nine. No one in my family history has gone through so many adventures, taking risks, and although my current financial health does not show that, I am psuched for going to make things happen in Montreal.

It's like, Montreal was and is my promised land. it's french, it's kitch, it's burgeos, yet it is an anglo country so I will be more than fine, lots of artistic places to see almost without the holier than though perspective of france, esp towards mofos who look like me :)
and it's the game land, it's the place where I can decide to get close to the iranian community or not, but it's always there, even if I want to just pass by and not participate. so I'll be visiting the cool french parts and I'll always have the iranian thing at an arms length. best of the both worlds, over there my english proficiency will be more appreciated sonce even the locals have accents, and I love languages and always wanted to convey these "philosophiQue" ideas in french, I think it's cool, it's different, compared to what you hear fro ones, sue me I like to be burgeos or try it as least why not, who doesnt want to enjoy luxury and etc, We just happen to know the pitfalls, so it will never fool us for what it is, so we won't be lost in it, yet we will get to enjoy it, you feelin' me?

I think I am right, and this time W (weight) of the positive outcome is higher, we will see.
To be continued.

If you felt disconnected or some parts were explained too late or were left mid story, then you get to experience ad-hd and why it's a double edge sword if you liked what you read, how bad it is if you didn't enjoy.

tl;dr; I Was too high! :)